mParticle integration publishing (#262)
avohq/docs: pages/workspace/integrations.mdx

### Amplitude Govern
<Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/publishing#amplitude-govern">Publish to Amplitude Govern</Link> to sync your analytics schema to downstream

### mParticle Data Master

> <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/publishing#mparticle">Publish to Amplitude Govern</Link> to sync your analytics schema to downstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/publishing#mparticle">Publish to mParticle Data Master</Link> to sync your analytics schema to downstream
```

> <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/publishing#mparticle">Publish to mParticle Data Master</Link> to sync your analytics schema to downstream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/publishing#mparticle">Publish to mParticle Data Master</Link> to sync your analytics schema downstream
```

I think 🤔
